I just love the holidays and one of my
favorite books is the Alpha Michelle a
Christmas tradition by Carol Aebersold
inch and the bell I'd like to read it
for you today have you ever wondered how
Santa could know if you're naughty or
nice
each year as you grow for hundreds of
years it's been a big secret it now can
be shared if you promise to keep it at
Holiday time Santa sent me to you I
watchman report on all that you do my
job's an assignment from Santa himself
I am his helper a friendly Scout elf the
first time I come to the place you call
home you quickly must give me a name of
my own once you are finished my mission
can start what will you call me sparkle
or heart I wonder what we should call
our Paoli elf
where did she go each night while you're
sleeping - Santa off fly to the North
Pole right through the dark sky of
course Christmas magic asks me to be
quick I laugh with my friends and report
to Saint Nick
I'll tell him if you had been good or
been bad the news of the day makes you
happy or sad a push or a shove I'll
report it to the boss but small acts of
kindness will not be a lot in the cards
at the park or even at school the word
will get out if you broke a rule I'll be
back at your home before you're awake
and then Dumas finds the new spot I will
take you'll jump out of bed and come
running to see who'll be the first to
spine the delaney maybe the kitchen the
bathroom or dan is where you will find
me your special elfs room I can hide on
a plant a shelf or a frame where will I
be let's make it a game
there's only one rule that you have to
follow so I will come back and be here
tomorrow please do not touch me my magic
might go if and about here all I've seen
or I know I can't speak to you so says
Santa Claus all of us else have to
follow his laws the final decision was
Fanta now rests what do you think will
you get your requests the night before
Christmas my jobs at an end the rest of
the year was Santa I'll spend so kailia
can't see bid me farewell I'll fly away
when I hear Santa's Bell of course I
will miss you but wait till next year
when the holidays come I'll again
reappear until then I wish every girl in
each boy a Christmas of peace in a year
of full joy the and I just love that
story I think I'll go find her